Bedtime
It is almost bedtime.
Peppa and George are
just finishing their supper.
Daddy Pig!
Oh, sorry. I'm a bit tired.
It's been a long day.
George and I aren. T sleepy at all.
Can we play in the garden?
But it's almost your bedtime!
Can we play out side
for just a tiny bit?
Please, Mummy!
Please, Daddy!
All right.
But you must come in
when we call you for your bath.
I don't know where they
get their energy from.
Peppa and George are playing one last game
outside before bedtime.
Look, George!
Lots of muddy puddles!
Peppa and George
are wearing their boots.
They are going to jump up
and down in muddy puddles.
Peppa loves jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
George loves jumping up and down
Look!
The biggest puddle in the world!
What a huge, big puddle!
Peppa! George! Bathtime.
Daddy! Mummy!
We found the biggest
muddy puddle in the world.
I can see that.
Quick, into the bath.
Oh, Can't we just play outside
a bit longer?
No, it's bathtime.
Are you and George feeling sleepy?
No, Daddy.
We are not even a tiny bit sleepy.
Peppa and George might not be sleepy,
but I am.
Me, too!
Before bedtime,
Peppa and George have their bath.
Peppa likes splashing.
George likes splashing.
Peppa and George both like splashing.
That's enough splashing.
Let. S get you dry and into your pajamas.
Oh, can't we just stay
in the bath a little bit longer.
Bathtime is over!
Now, it's time to clean your teeth.
Before going to bed,
Peppa and George brush theirteeth.
OK, that's enough brushing.
Into your beds!
Oh, I think our teeth
need a bit more cleaning.
When you're in bed,
Daddy Pig will read you a story.
Hooray.
Peppa and George like stories.
When Peppa goes to bed,
she always has her Teddy
tucked up with her.
When George goes to bed,
he always has Mr. Dinosaur
tucked up whth him.
Are you feeling sleepy now?
No, Daddy.
We need lots and lots of stories.
Daddy Pig will read you one story.
Now, which book do you want?
Um, "The Red Monkey"book.
OK, I'll read you
"The Red Monkey"book.
Peppa and George like the
"The Red Monkey" book.
Onec upon a time...
Oh, sorry, Daddy Pig.
Once upon a time
there was a Red Monkey,
and this Red Monkey had a bath.
And cleaned his teeth.
He got into his bed.
And soon he fell fast asleep.
Good night, Red Monkey.
Peppa and George are asleep.
Goodnight, Peppa and George!
Sleep well!
Now, Peppa and George are asleep.
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig
are going to watch some television.
And now it's time for
"The amazing Mr. Potato."
I've been looking forward to
watching this program.
The Amazing Mr. Potato
is always ready for action.
He runs fast.
He jumps high.
He neversleeps.
It is bedtime for Peppa and George.
And it looks as if it is bedtime
for Mummy and Daddy too.